Qingyun, let go of Zhao Shao
Shushan Qizong's strength was barely sufficient for a while
Even if we can't afford to offend?
Qingyun, you step back
I admit you have some skills
But you have to understand something.
No matter how strong a person is
It will not be an opponent of a big power
And Shushan Qizong is now the number one in the world
For me
In the play, everyone is just scheming
Ritual hurts again
I can also carry me with my feet
If you insist
I can't save you either.
Save me, it's clear that I'm saving you
If it weren't for me
You can't take you long ago
I picked it up for you
Without me, you would be starving on the street
Don't think you've got Shushan Construction now
The power of the emperor
You can despise everyone
This is not my strength
Your power
Do you really think you are the emperor of Shushan Jianhuang?